Introduction to UX


What is the purpose of UX?
  to ensure a smooth and inviting user experience when navigating an application
What is A/the prime objective?
  the bottom line, most simple explanation of what the objective outcome should be
What is a User Story and what is its purpose in UX?
  the different types of experiences and navigation paths a specific type of user will encounter. they are used for planning out the flow and presentation of an application
What is a feature list?
  the functional designs that should be implemented to achieve the prime objective
What is a sitemap?
  a basic mock up of how the app should flow for each type of user
What is a low fidelity wireframe?
  a simple design of individual pages and their core layout
What is a High fidelity wireframe or mockup?
  a refined version of a low fidelity wire frame showing closey to how the end design should look
What does UX stand for?
  User experience

```
UI for Developers


What is the purpose of UI?
  to ensure that the functionality of the app is as simple and intuitive as possible to make it easy for a user to operate
What is Typography?
  the anatomy of all the elements of a font
What is a UI Color Scheme?
  colors can compliment eachother in both positive and negative ways. color scheme is an applications multi-color pallet
What is White Space and what is it used for?
  refers to the gaps of white spaces between elements on a page. proper white spacing makes reading on a site easier and more aesthetically pleasing
What are some of the Enviroments you will design UI for?
  link colors and positions. white space locations and sizes. font choices. which elements are asigned specific colors. where to place functional actions
What is a UI style guide and what purpose does it serve?
  a style guide is a broken down list of every element of an app that needs to be build. similar to a blueprint. these are used for colaboration for both clieants and development teams to reference
What is the purpose of a Logo and Logo design?
  to either explicitly or inexplicitly show the companies purpose. it is a major and essential marketing tool
What does UI stand for?
  user interface


````
Introduction to Programming with Python


What is the Zen of Python?
  a list of standard practice that should be idealy uphelp by anyone developing what is considered proper python code
What purpose does indentation serve in Python?
  it organizes the code into specific code blocks. indentation indicates child and parent relationships.
What is a Variable in Python
  a chosen name that is given a value. ex: user_one = phil. the variable is user_one
List at least 5 python Data Types.
  numeric. boolean. strings. integer. float
List at least 2 types of comments you can use in python
  multi-line comments. in line comments
Are Python Strings immutable or mutable?
  immutable
Are Python Lists immutable or mutable?
  mutable
What is a Heredoc?
  multi line string or "document"
What can be stored in a Python List?
  items or values such as strings, integers, or other nested lists